We do have good friends in our congregation, but there's so much work.
Why is Jessica so upset?
Okay, maybe I should have asked before turning down that dinner invite.
But she knows how busy I am.
I've got elders' meetings, work, pioneering.
But she just says, we never do anything fun anymore.
Maybe she's right.
Sometimes even when we're together,
we're not really together.
Our lives are filled with spiritual activities.
Our family worship hasn't exactly been regular.
Maybe I fooled myself into thinking because we're busy doing things for Jehovah,
it's okay to skip it sometimes.
We argued again tonight.
Then went to bed angry.
Something we said we'd never do.
The next morning, I told Jessica how sorry I was.
And she admitted she felt bad too.
We decided to research Ephesians chapter four that night for family worship.
One article mentioned how sad it would be if marriage mates spoke to each other
with less respect than total strangers.
That really struck us.
Then we read Ephesians 4, 31, and 32.
Put away from yourselves every kind of malicious bitterness, anger, wrath,
screaming and abusive speech, as well as everything injurious.
But become kind to one another, tenderly compassionate,
freely forgiving one another, just as God also by Christ, freely forgave you.
We both promised to work on making our words and tone more loving and kind.
We also studied the Bible accounts of Aquila and Priscilla,
who are a beautiful example of what it means for a married couple to be one flesh.
They were together at home, at work, and in the ministry.
That's when we realized we needed to draw closer as a couple.
Since then, we do as much as we can together.
We're still busy in spiritual activities,
but they are never an excuse to neglect our relationship.
And now, we aren't just marriage mates.
We're once again best friends.